From the lofty heights of the comedy attic in Bloomington, Harmontown once again is in
session. Please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Hello! He's making a drink, because he drank too much backstage, gotta make another drink.
But that wouldn't make sense. Wow, the rooms fall! I'm a Midwestern, or Indiana's
the Midwest, right? We're now even closer. We were in Pittsburgh last night and I was
starting to feel that familiar chill as I explained to my girlfriend. There's different
kinds of coldness, and we're getting closer and closer to the coldness of my home. A coldness
that makes your heart cold, not just your skin. But it's a different flavor, and Indiana's
cold is feeling more and more like Milwaukee's cold, and we're in the Midwest. I know that
there's a culture that comes with the Midwest that is directly attributed to its climate.
When you live someplace where it gets this cold, you are the product of people whose
wagons broke down, half way to California, and who decided, let's stick it out here.
There's a religion that has to come with that, a personal religion and a cosmic religion of
like, you know, don't have too much pretentiousness. We're an honest people in the Midwest because
we don't want to commit the crime of being overly ambitious, overly cocky. We stick
to that Icarus myth very much. When you move to California from the Midwest, the people
always say, you'll be back, and they mean it as both an insult and a compliment. I know
you guys know this. I know Garrison Keeler already told you, and I know that every comic
that comes through here probably reminds you of it because there's an outside perspective
on that because I'm from the Midwest, Jeff. I just wanted to celebrate Indiana as being
the most exciting, specific state in the entire country. It's not...
What makes it so specific?
Well, there's a lot of things that make it very specific, Jeff.
What is the typewriter?
As you know, I Wikipedia research every place we go, and yeah, you can see in just the effort
that someone took to... Sorry, I didn't actually have this up until you mentioned that. This
wasn't like a pre-rehearsed bit. He just reminded me of the fact that... I don't know. Well,
it doesn't matter. Why am I going to look? I don't read it. I looked at the Wikipedia
thing and said, Indiana is the 19th state to blah, blah, blah. Everything's right in
the middle. Everything's like, it's the 16th coldest state. One thing, it started real
hot. It was like, Indiana is the least extensive state in the contiguous United States, west
of the Appalachians. Just even an attempt to be the least something came up short. It
just bobbed right to the middle of the tank. Nothing extreme can be said or happen here.
But we're going to change that tonight. We're going to make Indiana the most extreme place
in the world. Yeah, a guy just yelled out extreme Pringles for no reason. That's a new
thing that happened here. A guy feeling comfortable yelling out extreme Pringles. Did you know,
Jeff, that Indiana invented glass? I thought that was the Phoenicians. Did you know that
Indiana has more murders with hammers? Between the Appalachians and the Rockies, just the
most murders with hammers, period. Out of anywhere in the world. Did you know, Jeff,
that Indiana... I did not know that. Did you know they once successfully invaded Michigan?
Why didn't they annex it and keep it? Because they're cool people. They're good people.
They like it in Indiana. Did you know that fluorescent light was banned here for 13 years?
Because there was a socialist mare of Indianapolis? I don't know.
Worth a try. Let's do... Also, the state famous for its basketball! Sports Corner!
Sports Corner! Hey, everybody, that's happening at the Dan Harmon Sports Corner. He knows about
sports. He knows you like sports. We're going to talk about sports.
Boy, the Hoosiers, Jeff, really out there dribbling the sphere. They've taken it basket
to basket. It's been a great, great quarterly season.
Do you feel that Gene Hackman's coming down too hard on the team?
Hackman's always been an offensive coach. In a time of defense, there are times when
you've got to go defense in the fiscal quarter.
Which of the four quarters is the most fiscal?
Well, certainly you've got the Winter Conference, you've got the Spring Conference, and you've
got the Pumpkin, Pumpkin Bowl. Hackman, obviously, is going to be able to push that ball closer
to the net. We're talking again about a game of yardage in those fall months, that fall
season, Jeff. So the key is to handicap the players. You've got to keep handicapping them.
How do you feel about all this Notre Dame scandal?
Well, that was Chickens coming home to roost when you have a team poised with that kind
of hubris. They're saying the things they're saying at the All-Stars, saying what they're
saying at Regionals, saying again, doubling down at All-Star Regionals, that you've got
a team that's got too much, too much high game and not enough low game. They've taken
too many three-pointers, too many free agents, too much scrimmage, too much offense, Jeff.
And it was going to cry, it was going to come tumbling down. They built a glass menagerie,
Jeff.
Got you. And what do you do? Do you like the Pacers this year? What do you think?
They're good. They're looking good. They've got to keep those knees iced. They've got
to keep everything. They're ducking around. Just keep focusing on the lines of scrimmage.
Next corner! I had the volume down.
Some facts about Bloomington, the city, Jeff. Six blocks from here is where Lincoln was
shot.
The first time.
Yeah.
Little, I got winged in the leg on the way to a rehearsal for my American cousin at the
Ford Junior Theater.
Take a hint, Abe.
People don't publicize it because they want to make him into a big martyr. The truth is,
he was warned. And that was back when he supported slavery.
Yes.
Yeah.
It would have been a terrible news item back then.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the guy who assassinated him, John Wilkes Bench, the guy that shot
him the first time in the leg.
Oh, yeah. Gabriel Byrne.
You know what he, Bench. Gabriel Byrne Bench.
You know what he said to him in Latin as he shot him in the leg?
Tyrannus, Maltanus, Sixth Semper, don't anus, nanus, which means don't be a tyrant and
this won't happen in a more fatal way to you.
And then what did Lincoln do?
Oh, that's a ball of slavery. Go see a play, idiot.
Had it coming.
He didn't have it coming. Nobody has it coming, but he saw it coming and he did it.
Is there a mouse in here?
This is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Podcast listeners can't appreciate this,
but there's a grip on the mic stand that adjusts the height of it. It's not, usually there's
a twisty thing. You've all seen that twisty motion that comics have to, as a man who's
had to do this 20 nights in a row, I couldn't be more excited about this.
This is like a professional like me invented this, Jeff, a professional entertainer.
Let's get Spencer up here.
Yeah.
We've been bringing him up earlier and earlier in the show because the fact is, Spencer
is the show.
Yeah. There's no bad Spencer. It's better to have him than not.
Yeah.
Hello, Spencer. Hey, how's it going?
Good. How was the merch table? How were sales?
Sales were average to subpar by stuff, you guys.
Oh, wow.
Well, it's all right if you don't. I don't care. We're not trying to make any money or anything.
We're trying to free up the bus space. Our bus driver almost quit when he saw the amount
of merch that we had endeavored to bring on this trip because there's no room for us on
the bus. There's just trash bags of shirts. We could have brought a third of that probably,
right?
Yeah.
So tonight, Jeff, is it going to be, we couldn't figure out, we're a couple podcasts behind
in the broadcasting of what we've been recording. You haven't yet heard the show in Arlington,
which was a little Nashvilly, I guess. I don't know, it was a little more kind of raucous,
kind of sloppy, sloppy Joe, I would say.
Arlington?
Yeah, I think we brought all black people up on stage.
Yeah, we had all eight black audience members up on stage. And we somehow managed to set
civil rights back about 45 years.
But that's what we do out here. We experiment on the road. It was a fun show, but a drunken
raucous one. Then in Pittsburgh, I became very ill, I think from shaking everyone's hands
and things, and it's not on you.
It's on Rhode Island.
Yeah, something's on them that I'll purell so you don't get it tonight. But it was an
emotionally cathartic show, Jeff.
Yeah, and then D&D became Sally Jesse Raphael, and there was deep sadness and deep on we.
Yeah, Aaron and I talked to each other about our relationship during D&D, brought the house
down, but not in a funny ha-ha way, and a sad, brought it down, brought the house down
emotionally.
And then we ended.
So the big question is, according to Joseph Campbell, was last night the meeting with
the goddess, therefore is tonight the beginning of the troubles, or was last night the end
of a road of trials, therefore tonight is going to be weightless and carefree and mellow,
like a kind of dream-poppy, meditative experience.
Let's experiment with that first. Do you have any new age music in there, Jeff?
I have kind of something mellow.
Can we bring the lights down just a little bit?
Perfect, thank you.
Ooh, yeah.
Can we bring them down even more?
Even more?
That's good.
That's good. That's really not what I had in mind what you're playing, but I don't think you have.
I want to go on a cosmic voyage.
I'm using all stuff for our movie that we have the right to use, unlicensed stuff, so I don't have a hook.
Is there anybody in here?
Is there a female vocalist in the room so talented that you think you could kind of riff just a melodic kind of...
Like an Enya kind of thing?
Yeah, like an Enya kind of just copyright free Enya kind of...
See, I can practically do it. You shouldn't be that intimidated.
Anybody?
I see your hand raised. You want to come up?
Alright.
Just give it a shot. You can't be...
Your name?
Ruth, everybody. Wow. You got a Dalek snowman on your shirt. That's very cool.
We see a lot of Doctor Who's t-shirts in our audience. I love that.
Yeah.
Alright, Ruth.
That's why a new sports corner would work.
Enya, was the idea?
Yeah, just kind of like a mythical...
New Agey, like you're getting a middle-earth...
You're getting a massage, you know.
Maybe quitting smoking.
Yeah, maybe an elf is, you know, the nimbly running through the woodland area or something like that.
Like a non-smoking elf, you know.
Non-smoking elf.
Yeah.
Like...
Close your eyes.
Drift to the center.
Come with me on a voyage of the cosmos.
Your soul is not bound to your corporeal frame.
It is rising, rising above the stratosphere.
Nice reverb.
Wow.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Jess, sorry.
Jeez, I'm trying to relax these people.
I'm sorry.
Pretend I'm not here.
Jesus.
Fucking asshole.
Keep going.
Sorry.
Where were we, the stratosphere?
Okay.
Your body pulls back.
Growing ever distant from its terrestrial origins.
You see Jupiter pass on the right.
Goodbye, Jupiter.
It's a big planet, but not a lot happens there.
Some say it's compensating for something.
Some say that's a dumb joke.
Then still others, and these are the people I agree with,
I'm making it up and you get what you pay for.
Then another guy might come in and say,
they probably paid a lot.
Then maybe a sixth guy would come in and say,
how much?
Seventh guy would say, at least 20 bucks, I'm imagining.
I don't know.
Hey, Ruth, what's up?
Sorry.
What's going on?
You making me laugh?
You need a hall tablet?
Stay in the game, Ruth.
I'm stuck just behind Jupiter.
Floating out here like an asshole.
The cosmic show must go on.
Jeff, Jeff, can I, I'm sorry,
every time you appear in the cosmos here,
you sound a little ghostly.
I don't know if you understand the difference
between the cosmic things and spooky things.
I don't know what you mean, Dan.
I'm a ghostly vampire.
I've lived in the cosmos for seven million years.
Sorry, please.
I forgot your name, cosmos lady.
Ruth.
Yes.
Ruth, can I make with the...
I'm not actually 90 if people want to know.
90?
Oh, because you have an old lady's name?
Yeah.
Oh.
I kind of never crossed my mind.
70 tops.
Ruthie Aslan, who edited the community's best seasons,
she's a young spry, little hipster with truck tailors.
Jeff.
Stealing my melody.
You're sinking in space now.
We've lost our momentum.
We're floating ever downward through space,
to the space below space, under space,
crawl space.
There's a dead chipmunk here.
Stinking up your universe for years.
That's what that was.
Let's grab that chipmunk, scoop it out,
get rid of it, put it in the garbage.
Is this special pickup required for that?
If it sat there under your house for two years,
it could certainly sit in the garbage for three days.
Go back in the house.
Reach for the highest cabinet you can find.
Open it.
There's a human head in it.
Jason's come back.
He's followed you to your home outside New York.
And yet, so many years later,
we'd make a big deal out of him going to Manhattan.
Relax.
It's not like he's a killer that hasn't traveled before.
He seems to know the transit system.
I think some of you 40-year-olds know what I'm talking about.
Jason Voorhees...
Platholes.
Let's get some consistency at table one, the 13th.
Relax.
Sorry.
You're rising up through your own roof,
leaving Jason Voorhees behind.
You're going back out into space.
You see Jupiter again.
Let's go past it.
I think maybe Saturn.
I can't keep track. I can't remember.
There's Venus.
No, that should have been...
Okay, we're going the wrong way.
I'm sorry.
Apple Maps joke.
Apple Maps joke here.
Sorry for deconstructing the Apple Maps joke
instead of just giving it to you straight.
There's the sun.
You definitely went the wrong way.
Go into the center of the sun.
The heat can't hurt you.
You have no body.
Did you know the center of the sun is actually quite cold?
It works like a refrigerator.
You know, you touch the back of a refrigerator.
It burns your hand.
Even though it's in the inside, milk is cold.
It's cold here in the center of the sun.
Have a glass of milk.
Relax.
Indiana, this is where you are.
At the center of all.
You will crave less cigarettes.
Heavy creams and sauces cannot give you comfort.
They will only make you gain weight.
You will be more productive at work.
More positive in your social affairs.
Swimming will become easier for you.
You will grow gills.
You are now a member of my aquatic super army.
Non-smoking, sauce-hating, supervising managers.
That swim 900 miles per hour.
Now go back to earth with you.
Claim my birthright.
Alright, thank you, Ruth.
Ruth, everybody.
Wrap, wrap, wrap, wrap.
Shit, wrapping hard.
Wrapping in Indiana, Indiana.
Wrapping to your mama.
Wrapping to your daddy.
Wrapping like a mimer.
Said my name was old Patty.
Got a cookie.
On my titty and my dick.
Wrapped your mama.
Your mama's name's St. Nick.
Put her in a chimney pussy.
I fucked your mama.
Nothing rhymes with pussy.
God damn it.
What rhymes with pussy?
Nothing rhymes with pussy.
Wussy?
Wussy, yeah.
Wussy is it?
Garrett Busy's not bad.
Who said that?
Get up on stage.
Rap battle.
Come up on stage, sir.
Who said Gary Busy?
Get up here.
Are you okay coming up?
We just want to meet you.
We just want to touch you.
What's your name?
Matt.
Hey, Matt.
Hi.
Hey, Dan.
It's not a firm rhyme.
No, it's good enough, man.
I thought it would kind of shoehorn there.
A little bit in there.
Thanks.
That's what rap is all about.
Rhyming shit that you didn't know rhymed.
That's what makes Eminem a genius.
You said Gary Busy.
People would know.
Right.
If I said I fucked your mama's titties, I fucked your pussy, I made her ask crazy like her name was Gary Busy.
People would be impressed by that.
They would have bought a t-shirt.
I think you get a t-shirt.
Give them a t-shirt for Gary Busy.
Thank you.
Matt.
Matt, what's your fondest ambition?
What can we somehow give to you in the form of even just fantasy?
Oh, dear God.
I think that if Tori Amos got her old face back.
Oh, no, she'd been doing plastic surgery?
Yeah.
Oh, no, I was in love with Tori Amos.
Yeah, you could probably imagine.
Maybe even.
Yeah.
So now you know I was too.
Oh.
I hate to admit it.
Sorry.
She just kind of destroyed her looks now?
Yeah.
Well, if you do the before and after, she has this very elfin.
She had the dimples.
The dimples are gone.
It's very bad.
That's a bummer.
I'm sorry.
Well, I mean, I guess I could give that to you in the form of like a smartly improvised
scene.
Okay.
All right.
And there's nothing else.
Can we add to that?
Oh, you go ahead.
Just read it.
No, but I mean like, well, okay, I'm hearing the word pickle.
No, I meant like anything else like that you that you want.
Well, what happens in the 13th episode after Giorgio Morozo helped save the earth?
Who?
Oh, yeah, it's my smooth music.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
That's a yacht rock.
Holy fuck.
Wow.
Yacht rock.
But you're asking, is it a trivia question or is it an ending that you don't know?
Will there ever be another episode?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
That JD Rizner would have to know that.
I mean, I'm just a guy.
I just played.
What's his name?
You don't even know.
I can't remember his name.
Ted Templeman.
Yeah.
Same episode.
Well, I want Gary Busey to be in the next Star Wars.
All right.
Done.
Gary Busey is in the next Star Wars.
And Tori Eames gets her face fixed.
Thank you, Matt.
It's all possible.
Absolutely.
Let's hear it for Matt.
Matt, everybody.
Thank you.
Done.
Dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun, dun,
dun.
It is a dark time for the rebellion.
Gary Busey is in Star Wars.
And Tori Eames is on Planet Boogaflap looking at her face.
I want it to be pretty.
Subtitles.
Would you like a better looking face?
Generatory?
Yes, I would.
From outside.
The door blasts open.
Copyright infringement.
Winch comes out of her face and goes up to a rafter.
She goes up to a thing on the roof and there's a clinic and she gets a better face.
Part of good improv is knowing when to throw in the towel.
No, that's the end.
You were back to the DVD menu there.
That's why he was...
Let's go to special features.
Yeah, deleted Gary Busey scenes.
Special features deleted Gary Busey scenes.
Feature in Gary Busey talking behind the scenes, but it's been a very interesting experience.
Star Wars is not a movie.
It's a state of mind.
And it's merged with what I've done to create a shamanic experience.
Subtitles.
Star Wars is not a movie.
It's a state of mind to create a sort of shamanic experience.
All right.
Well, I hope Matt got what he wanted.
I think the audience got what they wanted.
A deleted scene where Gary Busey faces down with, I guess, Darth Vader.
He faces down?
Yeah, he faces down.
What does that mean?
I was trying to say faces off and I got a little drunk.
Okay.
No, no, no.
This is a rare...it's a space down.
Surrender your life server, Darth Vader.
There's something you need to do to understand the way lore works.
You're fucked up.
You know, that's a very interesting phrase people use when they're speaking to me.
It's fucked up.
It makes me wonder why all the other worlds are fucked up.
Oh, safety and polarity.
It's more sort of worn a helmet.
I do.
All right, deleted scene, but Star Wars is Gary Busey.
You guys didn't know you were going to come in here and get fucking high octane,
whose line is it anyway, style improv up here?
I like to sprinkle a little in.
You're a quadruple threat.
I don't mind.
You got improv, rapping, sports knowledge.
I don't mind springing a little in, like a little mainstream, like a really, really tight, awesome comedy like that into the show.
Spencer was not used enough in that.
We missed user resource there.
Spencer, what does it sound like when...
Shit.
Is this doing the thing?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We found a thing that Spencer can do.
He can kind of freestyle, dungeon master any kind of monster attacking you.
So you can make up a monster and he instantly goes into the character description of that monster.
Spencer, a...
Gary Busey.
A guy that I don't recognize walks into the room.
He says he's from things, but you're not entirely sure.
He might just be one of L.A.'s crazy people.
Sorry, I don't watch movies.
He doesn't know who Gary Busey is.
That's right.
I mean, I know who he is.
He's a guy who's famous for, like, acting.
Yeah.
But, like, that describes many, many people.
He was in point break.
Do you ever see that?
What?
That was a good Keanu impression, actually.
No!
You don't see things.
You don't watch any movies?
I don't watch most movies.
If someone says, do you want to watch a movie, I'll say, nope.
That's a good policy.
It's kept your brain free for, like, every injury in the monster manual.
Yeah, all the other, you know, useless factoid information.
You know what an owlbear is.
You know an owlbear's armor class.
No, that's 16.
That might not be right.
You don't know.
In my day, armor class was negative numbers.
Yeah, yeah.
It was, uh, Thacko was a thing.
Yeah.
Good times.
To hit armor class zero, yeah.
Yeah, it used to actually be hard.
Spencer.
Just name a not movie reference or something.
All right.
A divorced employee of a craft store.
A craft store.
That's the monster.
That's attacking.
You hear the steps and jangles of someone with made too many items in his apron.
You smell the whiskey before you see him, but rounding the corner is a drunken craft employee.
He's holding handfuls of paper stickers that no doubt cost 20 times more what you'd pay for them.
All right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Divorced craft store employee.
That was a hard one.
He started drinking after the divorce.
Uh, how about Spencer?
Dan Harmon waking up on the tour bus.
How about that one?
The door creaks open and you can hear several people running for cover.
You hear the of the sliding privacy curtain and then a thump as a large figure rolls out of bed onto the floor.
Standing at full height, he arranges himself before scratching his belly and moving to the next room.
That's all, that's all.
We got to bring up the guy that is dressed as my wizard character.
There's a Dan Harmon Gandalf thing going on here.
What is your name?
Cayman.
Well, come on stage.
Cayman, for the people listening, he's wearing a blue bathrobe.
He has a, is it a sceptre or a walking stick?
What do you got there?
What do you call those?
Wizard staff.
There you go.
With the Kettle One, a light up Kettle One.
For Ray of Frost.
He has a light up blue Kettle One bottle on top of his staff.
And he's got a, is that a prop or are you really drinking Kettle One tonight?
I figured if I'm going to be dressing up like you, I should lark and drink vodka as well.
Lark and.
Lark it up.
Live action role playing.
That's kind of what this podcast has become, Jeff, as like working our relationship troubles out on stage,
bringing people up, talking in real time to the people we are larking.
Harmontown is larking.
Now did you, do you live alone?
Do you have roommates or a girlfriend?
No, I live alone and I was actually supposed to come with the girl, but she canceled on me.
So.
Would she have got?
Well, I see the irony in that statement too.
Would she have understood what the purpose of all this was?
No, she was completely, she had no idea what Harmontown was.
Is that why she didn't come, do you think, possibly?
Well, she said she was sick, so.
All right.
Okay.
What's her name?
Grace, I believe.
Fuck you, Grace.
No.
Yeah, more like clumsy.
Yeah.
Two days minimum, notice.
Grace.
How ironic.
I'm going to name you Grace, so you're out in the world and trip over people's feelings.
Go, go, go, be a bull in a china shop, Grace.
She sounds like an awful person.
Maybe she's having a Grace period.
She's been thriving on the part of the universe for, how old is she?
I don't actually know.
23 years.
And tonight, the irony is that if she had come here, she would have avoided that blimp
accident.
Did you just curse Grace with a blimp accident?
Sam, that's how, you know, timelines work and shit, sliding doors, stuff.
If she would, if she, you guys Facebooked each other, you were like, okay, one last
ritual before we meet at the comedy attic, let's each send each other photos of what
we're wearing to make sure that we don't wear the same thing.
And then she's sick all of a sudden.
Ironically, though, this is the only periwinkle blue robe I could find was a woman's robe.
Is that, that's periwinkle, huh?
Well, actually, I don't know.
Periwinkle's a hard color to find.
It's powder blue, right?
It's blue.
All exclusively female voices are calling out.
The room became a vocal swatch catalog for a second.
Robin's eggs, aquafoam, sing-sang, a lot of nurseries going up this part of town this
weekend.
I kind of, yeah, I would just say blue.
And I see navy blue as black.
Is that a kind of color blindness?
No, I'm just certain light, because you normally hang out in dark environments.
It's true.
Like, I wore a navy blue suit, you'd think it was black.
Yeah, that's black, right?
No.
This is charcoal.
This is tangerine.
I mean, charcoal, that charcoal's different from black, but charcoal's totally black.
Charcoal?
No, it's smokeier.
It's dumb.
It seems like a dumb thing to spend your brain on, I, I, I, I, artists.
What do you have on?
Kind of a pumpkin, a rust, tortoises?
Red.
It's not red.
Red and brown.
No, because yours is oranges, right?
Mine's more red.
Red.
I'd say his has a bit more orange in mine, but it's still pretty red.
Yeah.
Ears is made out of multiple different colors of material, woven together.
It's dumb.
Colors are dumb.
Fuck them.
Colors, sports, most, most bands, horoscopes, other people, magic, Harry Potter.
Yeah, I knew, I didn't, I didn't come here to win a popularity contest.
I mean, I saw that, that, that last Harry Potter movie is playing in the hotel room.
You don't mind hanging out here.
No, I don't.
Okay, good.
Yeah, that last Harry Potter movie is playing in the hotel rooms right now.
It's kind of in rotation.
I, I can't, there's like, I made a joke, like put on the Harry Potter movie to Erin.
And she's like, oh, I can't believe it's on.
It's like, there's 900 of them.
And, and, and they're all the same.
That's definitely, definitely shadows part, part seven or whatever.
And like, they sure know how to make a war between wizards look a lot like standing around.
I don't know what, what contrivance you have to engage in before you get to this point in,
in where there's a bunch of wizards fighting a bunch of other wizards.
But I would think at that point, even a six year old could make it exciting, you know, like,
there's two armies of wizards.
Now, at least for this part, we could get a little interesting.
And I did see a couple of giant spiders, but they were really buried in the background.
Dumb, dumb movies.
Spencer, so much, so much, the movie keeps, keeps, keeps jabbing you in the ribs and going,
huh, how about that book, huh?
Fuck you.
I don't, I didn't read the book.
I could wait it for the movie.
I'm not a bad person.
I don't care.
It reminds you of the book.
It's stupid.
I read the book then, if you like it so much.
Iris Jerry Seinfeld, what are you doing here?
It's like, are you going to occupy us or aren't you?
How many cars do we have to blow up?
Cease fire.
We're like an incessant fire.
Anyways, it's called rugby, but there's grass everywhere.
Why not call it grassy?
Iris Jerry Seinfeld, everybody.
I like that you decided that it was over, too.
You could top that one?
You were going to top grassy?
No, I was going to try.
Oh, do it.
Fuck it.
Let's do it.
No, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to stage, Iris Jerry Seinfeld.
Oh, hello.
Some things just don't make any sense when you look around and observe them through your
Irish eyes.
You know, why are horseshoes lucky?
The worst case scenario is they fall on your head.
The best case is they just sit there.
How is that lucky?
It's not lucky for the horse.
You think they like getting those put on them?
It probably hurts.
Fuck you guys.
Glenn Levitt.
Glenn, oh, that's Scottish.
What's the difference between Irish and Scottish?
You ever wonder?
It all comes down to the skirts.
It's like, you know, I'm Irish Jerry Seinfeld.
Potato famine.
I mean, what?
So what if the potatoes ran out and have a hot dog?
It's stupid.
It's just a dumb...
That's more offensive to Jerry Seinfeld than to Irish people.
Well, he's had years to write stuff down.
Clayman?
Cayman.
That should be Clayman.
Bill Clayman.
That's my Alan Rickman.
Oh.
Oh, sir, are you Professor Sneep now?
No, no, that's from Die Hard.
Oh.
When Bruce Willis asked him, which...
I never get your name.
And then Bruce Willis is looking at the sign behind him,
and then Alan Rickman, without looking at the sign, says,
Clay, Bill Clay.
And then they engage in this beautiful dance between hero and villain.
But they show Clay W, right?
So they might be William, so he puts an extra little thing in there.
Yeah, a little fucking reality spin, because he's done his work,
and it's like the hero and the villain are doing this ballet,
and Bruce Willis starts to walk away,
and Alan Rickman goes,
The what?
The what, the huh?
No, no, no, that's shoot the glass, that's later.
And then he points the gun at him, and Bruce Willis goes,
It's a hell of an accent, Hans.
You could be in Hollywood with that accent.
And then he tries to shoot him, like he did with Takagi.
Click, oh, what do you think, I'm a fucking idiot?
He takes the gun, it's amazing. It's a great movie, you should rent it.
Bill Clay.
Cameron, have you seen Die Hard?
Die Hard.
Yeah, many times.
Die Hard, not in the Criterion collection of films.
Dan, do you consider it a Christmas movie?
Yeah, yeah, I think it's a great Christmas movie.
But I also think it's a great, great movie, plain and simple.
Not such a great movie, Armageddon, in the Criterion collection.
Armageddon's in the Criterion collection?
Yeah.
Yup.
Fucking weird.
The Rock, also in the Criterion collection.
Now I'm starting to, yeah, there's some kind of,
something, some paola going on here.
More like Casterion.
There's some kind of, something happening here, right?
Cayman.
Indeed.
Cayman, what do you do?
I'm a scientist, actually.
For real?
Yeah.
In what field?
Kind of a combination of fields.
I study planets around other stars and what they need to be able to support life.
So is that planetary, geologist?
It's like a combination of geology and astronomy.
Really? How cool.
Yeah.
That's fascinating.
So you look for like, planets that might be like Earth-like planets that could sustain
life based on their proximity to their star?
Yeah.
And what they're made of and all sorts of other things.
And we're finding these new planets all the time now, right?
We're finding like a hundred.
Yeah.
We've got like over 750 confirmed ones.
That are confirmed possible Earth type?
No.
Earth-like, we're actually having a very hard time finding them.
What are the 750?
750 what?
Do you mean just planets, whether they're the size of Jupiter or bigger than Earth?
Just planets.
Oh.
I thought we'd confirmed.
I thought we're finding planets by the thousands and thousands.
Right.
But we haven't confirmed them yet.
How does a planet get hit with a BB gun?
Right.
Yeah.
Takes forever.
They have two little flags hanging from their hips and you've got to pull one off.
How do you confirm it?
Well, you just go back and look with another nerd telescope.
Oh, so it's like, check if your answer is right.
It could be a smudge on one guy's telescope.
Those Swedish fuckers, okay.
What telescope do you guys use?
I don't actually use a telescope.
So I steal other people's data.
Badass.
What is your task?
What's your role in all this?
So I look more at the chemistry end and say if you've got this much oxygen and this much
other stuff, can you make a planet that is habitable?
Right.
And there's nothing in the near or just the universe that you think could sustain life?
Oh, I think.
Possibly.
Yeah.
I would say it would be weird if Earth was the only one.
Oh, certainly.
Yeah.
But like even on our own solar system, like there's like Enceladus or there's some moons
of, you know, like that.
Yeah.
They think that we know there's liquid water there and there's more extreme environments
on Earth where life does exist or at least did.
So it'd be logical to think it's possible there, right?
Right.
And my research is saying what does it take to get to that point of making it possible?
Uh-huh.
Because your expertise probably stops somewhere short of my next question, which is on these
planets that are capable of, they have kind of an Earth-approximate environment and then
carbon-based life springs up on them, how kind of inevitable is sentience or is that
like a weird flash in the pan too that it would be like, that's a really dumb question.
So it's definitely a more of a biology question.
But um...
I said so.
What?
But uh...
I'm a scientist too.
Yeah.
But uh...
Oh.
Dan, I thought you had a biology degree.
No, not a degree, no.
So we don't know.
But there's this really cool thing called the Drake equation, which is sort of a calculation
of how likely would sentient life be in and one of the parameters is what are the chances
of sentience and we don't know.
Yeah.
So that's a cool question.
I mean it's kind of...
Because it's like, we think with our sentience that it's inevitable.
Even if you're not a religious person, because I tend to think with the atheist part of
my brain even that, oh of course a planet that lives and breathes and that has life
crap up on it.
Of course the final goal is the biological weapon known as a giant brain.
You just realize you're talking to a guy in a bathrobe on a stage.
So who's the crazy one?
You said you were a scientist, I can say anything I want, I have confidentiality, right?
He might not be a scientist.
Wait, he works at our hotel.
Wait, that's my bro.
He's wearing your shoes.
We haven't really had like a stalker yet on the tour.
No.
He did.
Well I mean...
I drove pretty far to get here, so it's kind of hard to...
I guess that's stalking.
Yeah, that's the thing.
It's like people drive, like I talk to everybody after the show and that's willing to stick
around that long and as long as they have some kind of flu on their hands.
That's red.
One of your girlfriend's red hairs have been hanging off your chin like some sort of weird
tinder there.
Oh really?
Was that really distracting all that time?
I'm sorry, look at this, it won't...
Just say something next time, not that this will happen again a lot, but just say something.
If I'd have said something you would have fumbled with it, you never would have got
it out of it.
I'm telling you even then, they're the ones that were dealing with it.
The applause that occurred when you did that makes me feel really bad, makes me feel like
you zipped up my fly.
Well I think from my vantage point, because I'm stage left of you and the hair, I think
was stage right, and it was kind of falling little by little.
I was just like, one of the hairs of your beard was growing, and it was like something
fucking weird going on.
You were talking to somebody and they just got the slightest white fleck on their lip,
and it's such a bummer because you don't want to...
Right now, everyone went, it's not their fault, it's not your fault, it's not your responsibility,
it's not theirs.
You don't know what to do, they're talking and they have a fleck of foam on their lip,
and it's just, yeah, I don't know, there was a guy in Amsterdam that was telling us
about windmills, and he wasn't speaking in English, he was speaking in whatever they
speak there, windmill talk, and he was just talking and he was all excited about windmills
and how they mill things using the wind power, and just this little bubble of spit came out
and just rolled over his lip and it was just there, and I was just, I don't speak a sweet
mark or whatever, they're talking anyway, so I was just focused on this thing and his
lip and that just popped in my head when you pull, I didn't want them to be subjected to
that, if there's a hair, anything, it could be a piece of egg on your forehead.
We need rules for that stuff.
Or just maybe a friend comes up and takes it off and gets a big laugh out of it.
But you can't always do that, sometimes you're talking to a guy about windmills, and sometimes
who cares?
I ate in a restaurant on that same vacation, I was in London, had Christmas dinner with
Rob Schrab and his wife Kate Freund and my girlfriend Erin, having a little couple's
Christmas vacation in Europe because we're fancy, and we were in this restaurant in London
and a little bit of a tumult at the entrance and people file in and then this wheelchair
comes in, Stephen Hawking.
Wow.
Yeah, he ate like nine feet from me.
Everybody was trying to take pictures of him, I didn't want to be like a fly on a turd.
You can't really walk up and go, excuse me, can I have a word with Mr. Hawking?
Mr. Schraub kept saying, he kept going, go tell him you created community.
He was on the Simpsons, 40% chance he might have, first of all, thank you, Rob.
But second of all, it doesn't, I know, I think also like if you were, like, if I were Stephen
Hawking and a guy came over and said like, if you came over, you're a scientist, I think.
I am, yeah.
Then I would be, like, then I would feel okay going up to him, so like, I kind of understand
some of the things you talk about and why you are famous.
And I teach a class or something, if I had a photo on my wall of me posing with you,
that would be cool, like, and then he'd be like, yeah, it's okay.
But like regular people coming up to him and going like, hey, wheelchair guy, like, I know
you invented black holes, but like, you don't really, I don't understand anything he does.
I don't understand why he's, you know, I can't, I feel like I'm not allowed to take a picture
of him, especially because he's in a wheelchair.
If you were just a nice, like, ambulatory dude having dinner, would you have felt comfortable
walking up to him then?
I'm not sure.
That's a really interesting question, because part of what makes, part of Stephen Hawking's
charisma is like, oh, God, he's all brain.
We're all thinking it, like, that it's amazing that it's like this cool poetic thing.
Like, oh, man, God took, like, took all this body power and put it into his head, like
a, like a little, little balloon, like put all the air into one section of it and, you
know, meat.
I heard something that, I heard something that like he, he keeps being found with like
bruises on his body and like, like, and he keeps saying like, oh, my, I fell out of my
chair.
But like, the injuries aren't consistent with somebody falling out of a chair and they
think that it may be like kind of SNM kind of stuff, like he, he's having, has anybody
heard that?
I heard that.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, it's like, like, if you, if your body is very limited in its movement
and probably limited in its sensation, like sex might involve just like a broom handle
just fucking whack, you know, like, like, and also fucking, if anyone deserves it, it's
him.
Yeah.
He's like, like.
Let him get his Jolly Rogers.
Jolly Rogers has a gay pirate over here.
Why add Rogers?
Like, is that an Indiana thing?
We just, it's just Jolly's in Los Angeles.
Uh, maybe we have more shit to do.
Jolly Rogers.
He's sucking me nuts.
Why, why are pirates always getting their nuts sucked?
Oh, I'm Jerry McSeinfeld.
Why, why is it pieces of eight?
Why not just take eight pieces?
Nope.
I can't.
Hey, cast a wide net.
I'm going to hit a couple.
I'll get, I'll get another Graspy.
Graspy was a goodie.
That was a goodie.
That was fucking good.
It's so good.
You didn't even get it until I said, I said, I said, why do they call it rugby?
There's grass everywhere.
And you went, whoa.
And then I said, call it Graspy and you're like, whoa.
Like, and I was like, yeah, I fucking, I got it.
I got it.
Well, I mean, I remembered it different.
I felt like I, I felt like hitting the seven 10 split, like, like, it was kind of like
I hit the thing and then you were like, what?
And there was a delay and then the ball went in the thing.
I'm mixing sports.
Is this sports corner again?
Yeah.
All right.
Breakdown.
Rap in sports corner.
Sports corner introduction or rap, you don't know.
It's a Schrodinger's rap.
Is it an intro or a regular rap?
You don't know till the positrons collide with the megatrons.
It's going to open the box.
It's theoretical.
Fuck your mama like her name was hypothetical.
It's the same word, basically.
Fuck your mom like her name was Pythagoras, a fuck your mom like she was a stegosaurus.
Kind of, she's so scientific words, doesn't matter.
Okay.
Thank you.
Science rap.
Schrodinger's rap.
I won't question what you guys deem worthy of applause, but I just won't.
But you disagree with that applause.
Frankly, sirs and madams, I disagree with your applause there.
I wouldn't let me get away that easy is what I'm saying.
You paid top dollar.
What were the tickets?
20 bucks?
Okay.
That's pretty good.
Who drove that?
What?
100.
Oh, you're joking.
Some girl said, what?
I paid 100.
And it was worth it, right?
Who drove the furthest?
Sometimes that's an embarrassing thing to answer.
Some people are proud of it.
Some people are ashamed.
I've talked to people who drove six hours to gigs and stuff.
We got Louisville, Cincinnati, Columbus, and those are like how far away, I mean, four
or five.
It's kind of hard to have this conversation with 100 people.
And what's your name?
Jimmer Harmon, Nancy.
But yeah, I think that's amazing when people drive all that way.
And then sometimes I go, are you staying at a hotel here tonight?
And they say, no, they're going to drive all the way back.
And then sometimes I reach out and I take their hand and I say, you're staying with
me.
And whether it's a dude or a girl or hopefully both, Aaron and I take him back to our hotel
room at the Comfort Inn and we put on some Chardet, we smoke a J, do a little TM, it's
transcendental meditation.
And basically enact that SNL sketch about the guys at Lake Cuantro, okay.
All right, Cayman, what do we do for you?
What do you want?
What do I want?
I'm kidding.
I don't know.
No, I mean, I mean, what do you want?
I just didn't mean to say it.
I'll take some more vodka.
Oh, okay.
I don't mean to steamroll it.
No, no, no, no.
You've earned it.
You've earned these lights.
Drink your science spinach.
Well, it's Monday night.
Every night is drink night for scientists.
It's what powers science, basically.
Really?
Yeah.
So like most science gets done Tuesday morning or?
Most science gets done at the bar, I'd say.
You guys get drunk and then the...
Are there any science bars in town where...
The slide rule?
The...
The bronze slide rule.
The graduated cylinder.
The nanoshot.
The flask.
Yeah.
Okay.
The Erlenmeyer flask.
The dot connector.
That's science-y.
Uh...
Schrodinger's hangover.
E equals gym beam squared.
No, that's...
That's...
That's a specific drink special at that place.
Wine...
Winesteins?
Yeah.
What?
Dumb.
Come on.
Anybody got one?
Beakman's World is the...
It's the...
What's the name of the lady's...
Adam Goldberg.
That's not nice.
That's Garrett with one R.
It's from Nashville, right?
Yeah.
It's the...
What's the name of the lady's dance at the bar?
It's made by your...
Coyote Ugly.
Coyote Ugly?
Yeah, yeah.
Beakman's World is the coyote ugly science bar.
That's too long.
Yeah.
Jesus.
Holy crap.
Yeah.
That was a Mobius Strip.
I like that.
The Mobius Strip Club.
Yeah.
Ah, there you go.
Where...
There's only one titty, but it goes up like it's like it's all...
It goes all around.
It is no nipple.
Yeah.
Infinite titties.
You get a lap dance, but it's like all of a sudden you're on her lap, but it's...
Put your hands together for...
Tesseract.
She's a wrinkle in time, boys.
Get your tips out.
She's got infinite titties, but we don't have infinite time.
Remember, Heisenberg's principle still applies.
If you touch it, it stops being allowed.
Don't forget, you can get a private lap dance in the wormhole.
Who knows what goes back there?
Get your superstrings out.
Yeah, I know.
It's getting...
It's getting grotesque.
It's singularity, man.
Anybody who came alone.
All right.
So what's the...
What's the...
We've got a scientist up on stage, Jeff.
Yeah.
Pop quiz.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
We've got questions to try to stump him.
Okay.
Oh, boy.
Could science ever...
Well, I mean...
Fight the predator?
Who would win in a fight?
Science or the predator?
Science could at least see the predator.
Right.
So...
And measure him.
Or her.
I don't know.
Right.
Nice.
All right.
Scientific, very open-minded.
Predator might be a lady.
Social science.
All right.
Well, let's have a hand for Cayman.
Cayman, everybody.
And send him back to his lab.
Hi-Haw.
Science.
Well, two plus two is four.
And a boot plus a boot is a shoe.
I'm a funky science cowboy.
How do you do?
Like to take you back to my ranch shack and put you on your back.
Give a double slide rule track.
Fuck your butt and lick your nuts.
Put my hat on the foot.
So you can see the predator.
Put your nuts.
Put my hat on the foot of your bed.
Not much of rhyming happening.
But I got a big bowl crappin' in.
Out in the back with my Carl Sagan Shack Science Cowboy.
Outer space is the place for me.
Got a big green face and an old TV.
Got a big boot cowboy.
Boot, floor, boot, plate.
Line, dance in, square, dance in.
Four lines make a square.
I played the short version.
I fucked up.
You got a big bowl crappin' in?
You fucked his butt.
Licked his nuts.
But you put your hat on the foot of his bed.
Because you're a science cowboy.
It's what you do.
It's called peer review.
It's a scientific principle.
His ass was the control.
I'll see.
The hypothesis is over.
My hat's on your bed.
You got fucked.
It's a law now.
Science, nobody ever understands this when I say this.
Science is the best religion.
Scientists get offended by that because they're like,
we're not a religion.
Of course, religious people don't want to think
that science is a religion.
Religion should be like, how much more religious
could you get than trying to figure out how everything works?
Everybody joining hands and moving toward the center
of the universe and trying to find like,
corner God.
Either he's going to be there or nothing will be there.
In which case, nothing is God who cares.
It's still awesome.
Just playing peek-a-boo with the origins of everything
and not letting it escape by calling each other out on everything
and publishing all your findings and being open source
and kneeling before this altar of these rules that say,
this is how you figure shit out.
Always be careful.
Always be calling yourself out on your own bullshit.
Otherwise, someone will also call you out on it
and it's a beautiful little, and they have little outfits
with little white coats.
Even if they're not doing anything that involves.
It's kind of priestly. It's kind of clerical.
And it is the new religion.
I mean, obviously, for better or for worse.
But some people use that as an excuse to get all jaded and cynical.
They're like, oh, there is no God.
Well, yeah, there's not a Santa Claus God.
We know that.
We disprove that when we dug up a dinosaur bone.
But you don't have to be an asshole
just because your mom was wrong.
Like, yeah, we have like hover cars and stuff.
Now more than ever, don't be a dick
because you can hit more people with a hover car.
Like, bombs that could blow up the whole world.
Be a good person.
Like, Genghis Khan would do a lot of damage these days.
You know?
Scientists have to, like, they're the only ones that can save us.
I think if they adopt a kind of like, you know, humanist perspective
and go, okay, look, we're a group of scientists
and we've decided like we got to be cool to one another.
Because no one else has any power.
Nobody's listening to anybody else
because the other people that are saying you have to be cool to one another
are also hiding rapists.
Like, they're not, you know, they can't be trusted.
They're weird.
They say that the Bible's a newspaper.
They're like backward.
Yeah, don't be evil.
Which means just don't like hurt other people
because it's your species, you know?
Like, that's scientific.
Protect the DNA.
We were a nearly extinct species
and we were in God's crosshairs so many times.
Like, this is a planet that's been trying to kill us forever.
Like, we're a freak.
We're like the Harry Potter of species.
Like, we're not supposed to be walking around
with these big melons on top of our shoulders.
Like, we took weird risks to get where we are.
But there are people that say that competition between humans,
like, there are people that think that that's what makes us advance.
Like, that human conflict is that that's what propels, you know, progress.
And that may have been, maybe that was true for 6,000 years
and now it has to stop being true.
I mean, maybe it's like we're choking on each other.
We're sleeping on top of each other.
If you also want to stab somebody, it's like,
that's going to, a lot of people are going to get stabbed.
Like, I think when we were tribal and you were walking around
and you encountered another tribe, yeah,
maybe the instinct to not all lay down together
and have half as many berries, maybe that was like a bad idea.
Maybe it was important to slit each other's throat
and then whoever picks berries better will survive that day.
But we're in a tour bus now.
If I got berries on the mind and a switchblade in my hand,
you're a dead man.
It's more important that we figure out a set of rules
so we can all have some berries.
And there's also too many berries.
We know how to make a million berries.
We make fake berries.
There's a whole store every five miles full of weird Frankenberries.
Thank you, sir. He knows what I'm talking about.
Don't forget blueberry.
It's not that kind of dialogue.
It's not just say anything.
But how are you supposed to know until you try?
Just yell out the names of products, it's fine.
I heard Listerine, Bula Hoop,
Matt and his dad, it's fine.
God knows I don't have anything to say.
What was I talking about, scientists?
You're talking about tribal people stabbing each other in berries.
Now that we are seven billion strong,
now that we know how to make buildings float,
almost, look it up,
we're almost about to be able to clone each other
and computers are almost smarter than us
and all this shit's coming to a head.
We've got to get our shit together,
not physically, like emotionally.
We've got to get our shit together spiritually,
for lack of a better word.
We've got to know when this next catastrophe happens,
like when our priorities are.
It's about to happen.
We've got a couple days left, Jeff, three days left.
When does this podcast drop?
Four days from now.
We really should have speeded that up.
I hope you find it in the bottle.
I'm dry land.
I want to be a cult leader.
We'll work on that as we head back home.
I think right now it's time to...
Say what?
Oh, really?
Oh, really? Jim Jones is from Indiana?
Wow.
This guy says Jim Jones was a Sunday school teacher
at his grandma's church.
Wow.
Is your grandma alive?
Okay, good.
Jesus. Holy smoke.
Any other infamous Hoosiers?
John DeGeneres?
Larry Bird?
Larry Bird.
Notorious baby raper?
Ed Gein?
Greg Kinnear?
The infamous Greg Kinnear.
John Mellencalf.
I saw that on Wikipedia.
John Mellencalf still lives here, right?
Michael Jackson?
Gary Indiana's from Indiana.
Not Louisiana, Paris, France, New York or Rome.
But Gary Indiana.
Gary Indiana.
My home sweet home.
Wow.
Big music man following here.
They have to keep a...
They're in a neck and neck competition
with Oklahoma for mentions in a musical.
They got it.
If they let it slip in this state,
everyone's going, oh, that wonderful musical
where they mention that state.
Indiana's 14th in musical mentions.
All right, D&D time, everybody.
It's D&D time.
All right, can we get Aaron up here?
Erin McGathy to the stage.
Erin McGathy.
Also a guy named Bland has some dice for me.
Bland?
His name is Bland.
The dice are not Bland, however.
Bland. Is it Bland?
All right.
A gentleman has come on stage
carrying a satchel.
And he has a Pringles can over his dick.
He's wearing a Pringles can out of his dick.
Do people ever call you Pringles dick?
Some.
Yeah?
It's an extreme dill pickle.
Oh, the flavor is even better.
Did you pick out that can?
Yeah, nice, specifically.
Uh-oh.
Someone's going to get the Jolly Rogers.
Oh, no, guys.
It's a donation to a kid's charity.
Oh, chicken noodle can.
Wow, that is some meta shit.
For those of you who have no idea what's going on,
I kind of do.
We have a song...
We have songs about Pringles dick
that we sing on the bus,
and also a song about where you hold a Pringles can.
Wait, how did you hear that, too?
You just put it through your fly?
Yeah.
Well, you probably have a big dick in the way
when you do this stuff.
I've been able to do this for years.
Here I am.
I ain't got a dick.
I got a chicken noodle can.
Oh, my life.
I've been put in this can.
It's time for chicken noodle wife.
Chicken noodle god, come down from the mountain
saying chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river
and feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Soup to the bowl,
bowl to the spoon, spoon to your mouth.
They're gonna get well soon.
Gotta get a little bed rest, sleep until noon.
Grab a pot of coffee, then head to the saloon
saying chicken noodle god, come down from the mountain
saying chicken noodle man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river
Jordan and feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Well, in blue south
and come work with me, my chicken noodle wife.
Let me just the other day,
there's not much else I can do,
but pray because chicken noodle man,
you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle god, come down from the mountain
saying chicken noodle guy, you gotta work all day.
Chicken noodle man, you gotta cross the river
Jordan and feed the devil soup until your troubles go away.
Chicken noodle god, come down from the mountain
Blanned, everybody, giving the gift of a chicken noodle can outside of a Pringles can.
We have to write a song that fits inside a chicken noodle soup can, and then it's like
the Russian nesting dolls.
But I was just thinking, Blanned, I am so sorry about the either already having occurred
or imminent homicide of your parents.
Blanned the fourth.
Your dad, meaning like, did your dad name four kids Blanned, or?
It's Blanned with no D, right?
Or is it Blanned?
Blanned like dull and tasteless.
And you're the fourth generation of Blans?
Yes, my father, my grandfather, my great-grandfather.
Holy set, wow.
So that's ironic.
Hence the pierce, though.
It is powerful and flavorful that you're the fourth Blanned.
And also that he chose extreme dill to put on his dick.
Yeah.
It's the pickle.
Blanned, do you only consume extreme flavors?
I try to.
Actually, this really made me burp a lot of dill flavors.
Oh, you ate them?
Yeah, I ate some of them.
And then dumped them.
Yeah, that's not a flavor I'd grab off the shelf or expect to ever find.
It's got a sour meter on it.
Oh, God.
It's a super stack.
You can test your taste buds, and it's the screamin' dill pickle.
Extreme flavor.
I guess we got to do Pringles Dick song with Blanned.
Do you know Pringles Dick?
I don't know all of it, but I know some of it.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out why.
I don't really have a Pringles Dick, I just keep my dick inside.
I keep my dick inside a Pringles can, because it keeps my penis safe and dry.
Some people call me Pringles Dick, but I never really found out why.
No, I never found out, never really found out why.
Blanned.
Thank you, Blanned.
Cheers, brother.
Blanned.
Now we've got a little tie in the back.
That was some complicated shit.
It's weird that he put all the time into making the Pringles Dick thing, ate the chip.
How was that staying?
It doesn't really know the whole song.
How was that can staying in your pants?
Just by a zipper force?
Yeah.
I don't know, why are you bewildered by that?
I'm just surprised it didn't fall out.
Haven't you ever put something in your zipper and pretended it was your dick?
My dick.
I guess the answer is no.
I don't know.
All right, Spencer, catch us up to date, if you would.
Okay, we want to pass this down.
The character should be dispensed.
When we last met, our heroes came to in the belly of a mythical creature known only as
the Infinifish.
Our heroes were discovered by a group of seven humans and halfling that formed a tribe deep
within the bowels of the Great Beast.
Meeting with Aliyah, the leader of the fish dwellers, the chieftain led the heroes to
their village, a safe haven nestled between the arterial landscape of the fishes' insides.
It was there that Mulraine and Sharpie, in a moment of tension and feelings, had a deep
but important conversation about their complicated relationship.
Afterwards, they headed to one of the villagers' stores and bought some ropes, potions, and
syringes full of paralyzing agents.
They didn't know how, but they knew they had to escape.
Go, Spencer, everybody.
So, if you recall, you're in this village.
It's been made out of things that the fish has eaten, and yeah, you were talking to the
chieftain.
Yeah.
You got some stuff.
All right, so we were talking about making this fish barf us up, you know, like Pinocchio
style, right?
Yeah, there are two episodes behind it.
We got swallowed by a big giant fish and we were trying to make it barf.
What about it?
Teleportation one.
Yeah, you have that cloak.
It teleports.
Jesus, I have a teleportation cloak.
Yeah.
Wow.
Can you teleport out to the blowhole?
Or maybe it doesn't have a blowhole.
Maybe it's not a whale.
How does that cloak work?
You don't even know, man.
Your dad showed it to you and he didn't seem to have a mastery of it.
All right.
Can I think about the top of this infinite fish?
Okay, you can think about the top of it.
That happens.
Think about it.
All right, you're thinking about it.
I used the cloak.
Clearing your mind.
Whip it around me like Alex Baldwin with a shadow.
It makes a weird noise.
It looks like it's out of juice for the day.
You're out of juice for the day.
Judging snap.
If anyone wants to top me off.
All right, so we have to get this whale to expirge us somehow, right?
We want to get coughed up out of here.
Hey, give me some of those crystals.
Remember when we got first on board this infinite fish and you had your healing crystals shattered
and it had little crystals that were absorbed into your body?
You got back up to 40 hit points.
Do you have any of those extra crystals left?
I handed my crystals.
All right, you handed me your crystals.
Can I rub them on the cloak?
The rest of the crib.
Is there a battery compartment?
Rubbing the crystals on the cloak.
They glow softly, but then grow inert.
All right, you can have them back, they're dumb.
Several of the crystals dissolve, healing you to full health.
Oh, sorry, I accidentally healed myself.
These people, their dwellings are made out of wood.
What if we ask them if we could set their homes on fire?
Go on.
And obviously take them with us and we, maybe if we set their homes on fire, the fish would
spit us out or just burn up or we'd all die.
Do you want to consult or do you just want to start setting fires?
No, no, may I consult with the leader of the fish dwellers?
I am the leader of the fish dwellers.
Hey.
I heard you talking about things.
Yes.
First of all, I want to say that I greatly respect your architecture and your house.
And secondly, can we set it on fire?
We live here.
Is there any reason?
Do you just like?
Are you a pyromaniac?
No, no, no.
I don't hate fire, but I, you know, you said that you've been here for a long time.
I don't know how passionate you are about leaving, but we certainly are.
Maybe we can work together, set your home on fire and we can all leave.
Maybe the mouth will just open, the fish will open its mouth.
We can all leave.
Also, you look great.
Thanks.
Well, you see, stories tell of my grandpappy.
The first three ships that sailed through here, we did indeed light on fire, hoping
that would work, but it seems the beast's insides are quite resistant to heat.
Oh, okay.
Jeff, do you have a little note pad?
Yeah.
Do you keep little D&D notes?
I sometimes.
Yeah.
Someone's got to take this shit seriously, you guys.
What is that word on your paper?
What does that say?
It's Leah, the leader of the fish people.
Shit.
I write down the names of the people that come up on stage so I can thank them later on.
That's very nice.
I draw little pictures of people.
I've got my famous buttermilk biscuit recipe down in here.
All right, so that was a good idea, Mulrainee.
I liked what you were going with that one, but it sounds like it's a no-go.
It sounds like a no.
It sounds like it's not a good idea.
I'm glad I asked.
If you want to damage various parts of the fish's insides, that might work.
Let's go down and let's, yes.
I mean, I don't know if killing the fish is a great idea, you know, or hurting it.
It's like if this thing is like floating through the air, you know, and then you've heard it,
like.
Where the fish is, where the amphida fish is gag reflexes, where it's uvula is?
You don't, but you have a feeling it might be somewhere along the digestive tract.
Weird.
I lead us off in the direction of the esophageal part of the fish.
Oliah says, you can go fish west to its primary digestive tract.
You can go fish south, but no one ever goes fish south.
Why?
Why doesn't anyone?
Because you get pooped.
Let's go get pooped.
Let's go pooped.
Yes, but why do we get pooped?
Because everyone who ever gone that way is dead.
Well, because I've never seen them again?
Yeah, I kind of tried it once.
He never returned.
Some say he escaped, but others say he perished, and others maintained that he never existed.
So, I mean, either way.
So we can make him sneeze or gag, or we can punch a hole through him, or we can go get pooped
into a fish, but then we're going to be floating out in the sky, right?
Maybe.
Maybe not.
Okay, and we don't want that.
So, hypothetically, we want a ship to fly inside the fish.
Then we get on the fish on the ship.
You could.
You also have a broken ship.
You could repair it if you thought you wanted a ship.
Can I use portable hole?
To do what?
To fall through it?
It doesn't put a hole in a wall.
It just makes a pit appear.
So, like, you get in the pit, and it wouldn't take you to the other side.
So, it's more like a hiding spot?
Yeah, it's a hiding spot.
Are you able to pull those holes?
I'm just curious.
Like, would you go into them, or are you able to pull them down into the hole?
Like, pull it into itself?
Yeah.
Like, you'd probably turn inside out and explode or something.
I don't know.
I'm feeling lucky today.
I said we go try the poop shoot.
Yeah.
You see a purple pulsating sphincter to the south.
It seems tiny, but you might be able to squeeze through.
Can you say that ten times fast?
No.
I'm a little, I'll go first.
Wait, wait, stop.
Yeah?
I just want to Instagram this.
No, no, I want to tie a rope around you.
Oh, great idea.
Yeah, thanks.
You bought rope, didn't you?
Yeah, I have rope.
I'll tie, I'm tying rope around Quirk's waist.
I'm tying that to my...
Two tugs means I'm in an infinite toilet and I'm drowning.
Pull me back.
One tug means...
Good to go.
Follow me.
Okay.
Yeah, and if you start tugging a lot of times, we'll start writing it down like it's a song.
Like Morse code?
Yeah, yeah, but a song, but a beat to a song.
But I eliminate one tug as an option because one tug could be a chaotic thing generated by...
Yeah.
Okay, so shave and a haircut.
That means don't come in here.
Don't come in.
Yeah, don't come in.
But if I go, that means you can come in.
That means...
So if you...
Yank, yank, yank, yank, yank.
Don't come in.
I don't think...
Yank, yank, yank, yank, yank, yank.
That means it's good to go.
Quirk, so if you go through the anus and it's imminent danger,
you're going to be like, all right.
Yeah, because that's the system.
Okay.
That's the system.
All right.
Okay.
So you think you'll have that presence of mind no matter what happens.
Look, fuck it.
Absolutely.
Yank, yank, yank, yank, yank.
Don't come.
But calm down.
Calm down.
I am the toilet.
Okay.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
So I tie the rope firmly around my midsection and squeeze through the purple pulsating anus.
Muscular action sucks you in.
You find yourself in a narrow, red passageway.
It opens up to an outcropping that looks over a lake of acid on the far wall.
You can see a similar outcropping.
Am I safe where I'm standing?
You're safe where you're standing.
Yank, yank, yank, yank, yank, yank.
So that means we don't go.
No, no.
Didn't you hear the last two yanks?
Oh.
I mean, that means he's probably perfectly safe not standing over an outcropping of acid.
So we'll keep our end of the bargain and follow him.
Okay.
Sharpie, really quick before we go into Zanus, I just have to tell you that I, you know,
last night was pretty heavy, but I love you and I love you forever.
I don't care what happens.
I know.
I give her a passionate kiss or at least one that it's so that it's taken so long to do
that it's passionate.
To the fans.
One part of yank, yank, yank, yank, yank, yank, yank.
Did you guys not understand?
Okay, I'm going into the anus.
I proceed.
All right.
On the far wall, you see a similar purple pulsating sphincter.
A few giant wasps flipped around the room.
Wasps.
These circling loops.
Wasps?
Yeah, giant ones.
All right.
Well, the biological analog is breaking down for me.
So there are two, there are two sphincters?
There's two.
Yeah.
So it's, we've ventured through one and there's another one along the other passage.
So like, you know, we could be in a stomach kind of chamber.
It's acid.
So I think the infinite fish being, being an infinitely big, almost organism probably just
has more like big lakes of acid that kind of break down things in different stages.
Yeah.
We're in the stomach right now.
But if you could fly above it, you wouldn't dissolve.
Oh.
Yep.
I fly above it.
Well, I use my teleportation.
Oh, wait.
You said it's out of juice.
Yeah.
But can't you, can't you fly then?
And didn't you have a fly thing?
Well, I have a feather fall.
If I start to fall, I could slowly lower myself into the acid.
I wouldn't like break my neck on impact or anything.
I take one of Mulraine's arrows and tie the rope to it and say, shoot the arrow into the
far wall and we'll climb across it like rope bridge style.
Oh, boy.
I shoot an arrow.
Oh, yeah.
You shoot an arrow and it flies across the room, but much like the cord of your microphone,
which just fell on the floor, the rope disengages itself.
It doesn't cross the chasm.
I need to consult you about one of my spells.
Yeah.
Don't I have tensors floating disc?
Tensors floating disc.
Yes.
Does that have any range to it?
Can anyone get on that and I can send them across?
They can get on it, but I feel like there's a weight limit.
I think it's like...
Excuse me?
Well, Sharpie's pretty small.
Or quark.
Yeah.
Okay.
You could probably send quark over.
You're not so sure whether you...
You put me in a frisbee and throw me across the acid like...
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
Yeah, I have like a thing called tensors floating disc.
It's like a floating hover sled so I can put equipment on it.
Okay.
But, Spencer, after I turn into a woman, I weigh like 50 pounds now, right?
50?
I don't know.
What's the standard weight for a woman?
Dead.
Ladies?
I don't know.
Okay.
100.
Just 100.
Yeah, a reduced person.
Yeah, reduce one of us.
Yeah, reduce me.
Reduce Mulraine and throw her across the acid.
If I reduce Mulraine, will the weight limit of her...
Will she plus quark be under the weight limit of tensors floating disc?
I'm just gonna say yes.
Okay.
All right.
I cast reduced person on Mulraine.
Typical.
Then I cast tensors floating disc.
Okay.
Put the two of them on the disc.
Yep, yep.
And oogie boogie.
All right.
Your maneuver works.
They're on the other side.
See you later.
They applauded for less in Brooklyn.
Can I...
They applauded like a three-point ray of frost.
Can we throw the disc back to him so he can get on it?
Yeah.
I throw the disc back to Sharpie.
There you go.
And I scream out, this is from both of us.
Well, I don't think I can...
Can I get on my own floating disc?
Yeah.
You sound unsure.
I'm just rolling with it.
I'm rolling with it.
All right.
I get on my own floating disc.
Woo.
Slowly, it hovers across.
You've peaked the attention of the flying wasps.
Oh, shit.
Shit, man.
Are you using the dice the guy gave you?
Yeah, I am.
And it's not boating well.
Thanks, bland.
Two of the wasps streak out of the air towards you,
pointing their vicious stings.
You manage to deflect one of the blows,
but it strikes you right in the shoulder.
You feel stinging pain as seven damage enters you.
It enters your body.
Scorching ray.
It misses.
It flies into the wall.
What's your arrows?
What should I fire them at?
The wasp.
Oh, the wasp.
Yeah.
Sorry.
You just made out with this guy,
and now you're just watching him getting his ass kicked.
I'm swooning.
You're standing up here.
As a woman, I'm just thinking about babies and doilies.
I fired.
Okay.
So it's just one wasp.
I fire one arrow.
Like a regular arrow?
A regular arrow, but I'm really,
I'm really focusing, Spencer.
Yeah, you are.
You hit it.
Yeah.
Right in the wing.
The wing falls off of its body and careens into the lake of acid.
All right.
Your ascent movement continues.
Tinser is nice.
You get to the far outcropping.
Tinser's disc out.
The other wasp is droning lazily around.
He knows better than the mess with y'all.
Okay, cool.
Let's not fuck with that guy.
No.
All right.
So what are we looking at now, Spencer?
Purple sphincter.
Same system.
Although can I recommend?
Can we talk about those shoes in a haircut?
Yeah.
Like, it just seems like, like, now let's just pick this.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
But it's okay.
If something's going wrong, then you say...
Okay.
So that's bad.
That's right.
Yeah.
Because that's what happened before.
I'm in a butthole.
Come in.
If I don't...
Think of it this way.
Okay.
Did you...
Think of it this way.
I'm in terrible danger.
Just kidding.
That makes sense to me.
Oh, God.
Baby's so smart.
Baby's system's so good.
Is there something on my face?
No.
I'm worried that there is mine.
I don't...
I've been conditioned before you got up here.
There was hair hanging everywhere.
All right.
I'm in terrible danger.
Okay.
I tied the rope around my waist and eased my way through the other sphincter.
You climb into the sphincter and immediately feel embraced by powerful muscular action.
Story of Jeff's life.
Yeah.
That's true.
Immediately you feel the rope snap.
Your side.
Sharpie and Mulrani go slack.
Oh, no.
You're being pushed through a fleshy opening with insane speed.
You feel like you're falling and then being pulled upwards and all around and suddenly
you're falling again.
Oh, shit.
So we're not feeling any signals.
Is he fine?
No, you feel it go slack.
No, I know.
Holy shit.
Wait.
It's the rope.
I pull on the rope.
It comes out.
It's broken?
Yes.
Okay.
I tie the rope to another arrow.
I fire the arrow right on the rim of the sphincter.
All right.
You miss.
You can...
Okay.
You can just stab it in if you'd like.
Oh, okay.
I stab it in.
That's fair.
Okay.
Also gross.
Groser than shooting it.
Okay.
So if I'm able to stab it...
I thought I had to like go across something.
Me while...
Little help!
My chicken noodle can't talk.
Okay.
I tie the rope to my foot.
I give the...
I take out two arrows.
I am holding them in my hand and I say to Sharpie, hold on to the other side of the rope.
Okay.
We'll do the same system.
I'm going to find quirk.
Okay.
It's going to snap.
The rope's going to snap.
No, but it won't because I have arrows with me.
He didn't have any arrows.
How's the arrow...
How are the arrows...
What do you mean?
Because maybe something stabbed the rope apart and they didn't have a...
Is this a bad idea?
We can switch.
This is going to get the same results here.
We need to...
He's gone into the intestinal tract.
We need to either follow him or forget we ever knew him.
Well, then let's follow him.
Let's double-bind our feet just to be...
I have a potion of enlarged person.
I'm wondering if I drink it just as I go in.
Right.
Just give this thing the biggest...
He may enlarge the tunnel and if he's stuck, then he'll...
Yeah, that's a great idea.
I don't know.
It just seems like a random thing to do.
Don't be shy, you're so smart.
I charge headlong into the sphincter as I drink a potion of enlarged person.
Alright.
Straight in life?
You too get sucked into the sphincter.
You travel around in it.
As you get larger and larger, it doesn't seem to affect the speed of the esophageal ascendance.
You too soon are falling.
You land on a fleshy outcropping on the side of a big red pit.
Below you, you could see the ship you crashed here on.
Am I there too?
You were there too.
What's up?
You've just been sitting there for a bit.
What were you guys doing?
Talking about how smart you were and just fucking doing bullshit?
Before you get judgmental, you might want to realize you're going to be around us for a while.
We just came full circle.
That's our ship down there.
Oh wait, so we just wasted a bunch of time?
On the small ledge is a small campfire as well as a green tent.
Who's on this ledge?
You guys are both on this.
Oh, we're both on it?
We're on the other side of the sphincter.
Let's go up to the green tent.
Alright, that happens.
I knock on the flap.
It doesn't sound like much, but you hear the rustling and shaking of something exiting the tent.
What's he look like?
Okay.
Out climbs a tall, thin elf with long blonde hair.
He's wearing stained red leather clothes and at his side is a magnificent long sword with a pristine golden blade.
Huldo, I am Prince Valesant of the Valesant Phyftum.
Hello?
What brings you to my outcropping?
We just went through some butts.
We were trying to get pooped out of a fish.
Well, you were close.
You got pooped somewhere just to my little camp.
How's it going?
Do you want a sandwich?
What's it made of?
Fish innards.
Is there a way to get out of this fish?
I don't know much about navigation, although what I do know is sword mastery.
I am a sword master and I master all swords.
Can't we just slice our way out of this thing?
Can't we just start slicing and dicing and punch a hole?
The thing about such great beasts is although you can do hefty damage to their insides,
muscular action tends to close the wounds, sealing any pathway out.
You'd have to do something pretty dangerous to some of the vital organs to knock this thing out of the air.
Meanwhile, I jump into the sphincter to join them.
But if we knock this thing out of the air, don't we all die anyway?
Maybe. That's all up to you.
What if it vomits you into a cushioned plane, a plane of eternal cushioning?
We have to go get to a heart or a lung or something like that and go stab it in the heart?
I am not much of an infinifish biologist by any means.
You were more of a swordsman.
What are you good at?
I'm good at swords.
Okay, okay, check this out. Shoot an arrow.
Alright, I shoot one arrow.
Okay, you shoot it over the side of the pit.
As it descends towards the earth, he unsheathes his sword and in a single fluid motion strikes with his blade.
Although he's a good 30 feet off, you could see the arrow break into half and fall into pieces.
Like Robin Hood men in tights?
Does he have like magic far sword powers?
He's just as fast as a knife. It's a Milbrox maybe. It's not realistic.
Alright, so we need to take this guy on a journey up to the organs and use his sword to destroy the heart of this thing probably, right?
He's got far sword abilities.
I don't have a problem with you guys escaping, but I kind of dig it.
The Vellicent Kingdom was pretty shitty.
Wait, what are you talking about? You like it inside a fish?
Yeah, it's like there's sandwiches.
Listen, if you come with us, you'll have sandwiches that aren't made of fish innards.
Like, what else do you put in a sandwich?
How long have you been here?
I mean, we just ate fish sandwiches too. That was typical.
There's a whole world out there.
Maybe we can show you some affection.
Yeah, my girlfriend will fuck you, I guess, is what she's saying. I don't know why she's saying that.
Oh, she'll fuck you.
And I mean, fuck you.
You're going to have a pussy sandwich.
Believe me, I have my share of portable holes.
Oh!
Which portable holes had never existed in this universe?
I can make mine pretty stationary.
Well, I guess the conversations move because you said you'd like to help us, but you want to stay.
Maybe you could just show us away and then go back.
Is there anything that we could offer you that you value that we might be able to bribe you with?
Do you have any weapons?
I have a couple swords.
I have an emerald dagger.
I have a sense of adventure.
Wait, didn't you say you'd be happy to help us?
I'd be happy to help you with any sword-related problems or sword-related expertise.
I have a great flaming sword. It's pretty cool.
You don't have to give him anything. He's going to help us anyway.
He is?
Come with us. We'll just talk swords.
You and I, we'll talk swords all day long. We'll play sword fight.
Have you heard the new broadsword monthly?
Hell yeah. I wrote a piece for it.
I can't believe it gets delivered here of all places.
You seem pretty cool. Let's talk. Let's go.
How do I get down?
I've got to get up.
Feather fall?
Can I cast that on other people?
Sounds good.
I can cast that on other people?
Yeah, you can cast it on people.
I cast feather fall on everybody.
On everybody.
That's going to take up most of your spells.
You're going to need some rest after this, but you gently float to the pit.
The bottom of it. You're back where you started.
Back where we started. What a great adventure. Back where we started.
Clipping in!
Clipping in. Back where we started.
Back where you started.
Thank you, Erin McGathy.
Now, we're not where we started because now we've got a guy with super-far sword powers
and he's going to help us kick ass.
I know. That's the point of his story. Jeff, you go on little cycles.
Yeah?
I wasn't being derogatory when I said back where we started.
Oh good. Now what do you feel like you started the show speaking of cycles
wondering where we were in the Joseph Kimbellion thing? It seems like tonight
was pretty easy. It was very supportive. Maybe too easy. Too easy for $20 right?
Like some people I drove six hours why was it for $20? Do you feel like the audience needs
you to work a little harder break a sweat up here? No I think the audience needs to
give me validation so that I can know that I gave them their $20 worth. Well
they already gave you $20 though. They gave the club $20 but I'm saying
like I just I don't want to cheat them. I don't want them to call the Better
Business Bureau. I want to buck some mamas. Oh fuck some mamas. Okay I think
they're saying that if I do some rapping, if I do some freestyle rapping then
that'll make their ticket price worthwhile. All right do you want to do the
Grand Finale rap? Do you want to do one of the freestyle styles? Let's try the
do it. Do we have any Rihanna's in the audience? Any Dytos? Any
girls that can come up and sing the P.S. Yellow Puppet's Brown Hook to our
thing? At the very least we have Ruth right? Yeah Ruth. That's the very least.
That didn't mean that. Yeah let's just re-invite Ruth to the stage. Ruth with your
mind? The phrase at the very least was not appropriate. I just meant because you
already... Well I have no idea what y'all are talking about. Okay. There's a
refrain okay so I do a terrible awesome freestyle rapping and then there's a
chorus that's like sort of a that's just you singing like the lyrics are. Yo trial
run with the first verse could be better motherfucker could be worse put some
chicken on my dick and some Pringles inside fuck your mama till I saw she
was twice as wide I've said the same words before and you rhyme the same words
that you did before before rhymes with before it doesn't matter it's a first
verse and it doesn't matter sing
we all forgot
Indiana where the rivers flow I fucked your mama so hard she didn't know where
to go I made her internal compass in her inner ear spitting around so she was
like a bird that had experienced so much fear that it didn't know how to live
and eating so many worms that its stomach started to give and the bird
exploded and rain got down and your mama's so fuckable I can't believe
it it's better practice what's your name Kyle yeah I like to fuck mama for a
while your name sir it is Colin I fucked your mama so hard she started
falling I fucked Kyle's mama then I fucked Collins I fucked up promise
whatever I think there was gonna go it doesn't make any sense that I would do
that this cord will only reach so far yo come on down yeah okay
vicinity proximity what's your name Brian is the man fucked his mama hard
like she needed an oil can he's the only one I can reach what's your name again
right that's what I thought I'm trying to work the crowd and rap at the same
time and it's harder than I thought it would be this cord don't reach what's
your name just rapping working the crowd at the end of the cord what's your name
Brad Brad does it fucked his mama in all of her closets what's your name David
David no it's not but your mama but I second thought David's mama came to my
house just the other day fucked her on the scale said bitch now you pay what
you weigh I booked her far hundred times I fucked her so hard she had little
crimes of the residue for me that was gross
and your name is Eric yeah and you do what for a living sell cell phone yeah
that's the truth that's the stone cold truth Eric sell cell phones were
Verizon but I fucked your mama so hard she started get surprising results from
my knob and my balls and I fucked her up to Canada Niagara Falls I fucked your
mama I fucked your momma I'm so sorry
microphone
Ruthie's up on the mic singing songs I fucked your mama so hard I didn't do it
too long I only had to do it shortly cuz I did it hard I fucked your mama like
my penis was a little shard there's only so many words that rhyme with so many
words I keep rhyming the same words with the same words we gotta think of new
stuff or I gotta stop rapping you requested it but it's really starting to
be crapping out I'm sorry Indiana I fucked your mama like her name was
Brianna and it might as well have been because who cares what her name was why
do you fuck someone like their name with something that's a stupid idea it's a
great state and you deserve much better fuck Indiana's mama the other day blah
blah blah something gay the DDD do-do-do fuck your mama something about a shoe
put your hat on your dick in your balls and butt and fuck your mama like she had
a pussy and a butt fucked your mama in her nuts and her balls and fucked your
titties in the barrel Niagara Falls your mama in the north in the south and the
face and the nose and the boss in the mouth fuck your mama like she was a
pussy fuck your IVH one with Gary beer see fuck your mama on the carpet in the
rug I fucked your mama like my dick was a bug you that's a new one so you can do
it then you're learning my dick was a bug I put it deep inside her in her
pussy rug way I said that was the other way around sorry I'm sorry starting over
I fucked your mama like her pussy was a rug I put it in her like my dick was a
bug it went underneath the carpet came out in the kitchen made itself a milkshake
said woman quit your bitch and got 16 hours I've been working today I don't
need to come home to hear the shit any other way I want to watch Dukes a hazard
and have a sandwich I'll fuck a one fuck fuck sandwich thanks for coming to
Harmon's town everybody thank you Ruth thank you Indiana you've been fun and
forgiving let's hear one more time for Erin McGathy thanks Ruthie
Spencer Crittenden Jared who runs the place here at the comedy adder thank you so
much man who who is the woman that brought us the great cookies and booze
backstage you was that thank you what we'll talk to you afterwards thank you
for that Matt the Gary Bees a guy came in the the guy in the row bland the guy
with the Pringles and the chicken soup and everybody else we love you one more
time I'm Jeff Davis you're mayor Dan Harmon everybody
and come see all the other act like check out the other acts here and stuff
they have cool people it looks like yeah we're looking around the wall we're
seeing all of our groovy friends from back home so obviously Jared and the
guys here and the guys here know what they're doing this is an awesome place
thank you so much you're coming up thank you let's all go to the bar
bonus track bonus track no one will hear this on iTunes what's up with black
people they're they're they're at it again I've had it up to here how much
how much black are they gonna get it's gotten out of control I it seems every
day open the newspaper there okay now okay great and I've had it
black people urban magic black people are magical creatures having all kinds of
magical features they could shrink down to the size of a bug and expand to the
size of a boat that you call a tug boat it's not that big but it's not a small
vehicle it's just a small ship it's aquatic in nature I fucked your mama so
hard I could have sworn bonus track a bonus track what do you want you did you
think it was gonna be a criterion just a little racism and a shitty rap that's
what you get on your bonus track all right bonus bonus track all right this is
a deep bonus track
you
no and not only okay the sat you here on iTunes then that thing about black
people that shitty rap where I couldn't rhyme nature that was like a boat
I was like no manclature right legislature hey guys I mean 2020
quarterbacks Monday morning 2020 quarterbacks 2020 quarterbacks but this is
deep deep deep secret deep cut we can really lay it on the line here
deep cut secret track bonus rift too drunk do it sing in the song
went to the middle of the place called the US and saw a new face called Indiana
and it looked real good and it chopped lots of wood and it brought me inside
for soup tasting good damn good soup I fucked your mama in her womb and I started to make a
little baby tiny version of me and it draw sustenance from the walls and it's eating
food that your mama takes in all the time so if she hops then it's gonna be bent the
baby's gonna be deformed don't let her do that I'm not gonna be around I'm a
traveling entertainer but if your mama fucks up that baby I put in her I'll be
back with the lawyer and I'll take take her to court and I'll take that baby
away from your mom and I'll raise it in my Los Angeles mansion and I'll teach
you to read Beatles records and it's I won't really know how to read and I'll
tell it that math is based on fairies so fancy German school and it'll only suck
it's up till it's 13 and it'll have coke in its system until it's 17 and I'll
think that's normal and then when I go broke at 60 your mama's kids will be
broke too and it'll just be wandering around out there like Andy Dickson just
wondering what to do is there a way to merchandise this what what happened to
me I got I got hit by a parental truck was laying in the street waving a
flag I mean I guess it's worse in Lebanon but shit I hope she gives me a
song they're better than women even though women are better it's women men
are better at running capital buildings and and making guns
the worst this is the worst thing I've ever done it's a bonus
this is something that only you guys get